# ChatGPT on Graphics

### Name0: Jaime S.
### Name1: Shreya Roy
### Name2: Nelson So 

---

## Background
Your goal is to get ChatGPT to create a program that meets all the requirements of our graphics engine up to the latest assignment. This includes:
* Drawing lines
* Drawing circles, and Bezier and Hermite curves.
* Maintining an edge list of points.
* Being able to perform & potentially combine transformations, rotations and dilations.
* Being able to save and display the images.
* Being able to correctly read in files using the graphics scripting language we've developed.

Some Notes:
* Please stick to C, Python or Java as the language of choice.
* Don't let ChatGPT use an existing graphics engine, it's got to work as hard as you have!
* If the program has multiple files, feel free to get ChatGPT to create a makefile for you.
* If you get it to create a useable grpahics engine, see if it can generate an image that shows off its capabilities.



## Task 0: Setup
Only one member of your group needs to have an account to use ChatGPT, if someone has one already, go ahead and use that. If not, pick one person to sign up, the simplest method to sign up would be to authenticate with google and use your stuy.edu email address. Authentication will require recieving a text message, so pick someone that has easy access to their phone.

You can find ChatGPT here: <https://chat.openai.com/chat>

## Task 1: The First Program
### Your Prompt
Provide below the first description you gave ChatGPT:

make a file with exactly these functions: make_bezier, make_hermite, generate_curve_coefs, make_translate, make_scale, make_rotX, make_rotY, make_rotZ, print_matrix ,ident, matrix_mult, new_matrix

ok, write code in python to fulfill these requirements:
Write code to work with transformation matrices:

create a translation matrix
create a scale matrix
create a rotation matrix about the x-axis
create a rotation matrix about the y-axis
create a rotation matrix about the z-axis


### The Code
Crate a folder in this repository called __0-program__ containing all the relevant code initially created by ChatGPT.

### Your Analysis
Answer the Following Questions after seeing the initial program.

#### Question 0
Overall, how well did ChatGPT do?

"ChatGPT was able to write all the matrix related code extremely well. I noticed however sometimes in its code it would repeat code segments
for no reason. Below is an obvious example. Other times for the actual displaying graphics part, there would be times where chatGPT would 
just hang and exit its stream. There was also a point where chatGPT right up refused to give us code because it wanted to give us an 'outline' 
of what we should do for the graphics engine. It also reminded me why I hate reading Python code (or any untyped language for that matter).

```python
  16   │ def make_bezier():  
  17   │     # Bezier matrix  
  18   │     return [[-1, 3, -3, 1],  
  19   │             [3, -6, 3, 0],  
  20   │             [-3, 3, 0, 0],  
  21   │             [1, 0, 0, 0]]  
  22   │   
  23   │  
  24   │ def make_hermite():  
  25   │     # Hermite matrix  
  26   │     return [[2, -2, 1, 1],  
  27   │             [-3, 3, -2, -1],  
  28   │             [0, 0, 1, 0],  
  29   │             [1, 0, 0, 0]]  
  30   │   
  31   │   
  32   │ def generate_curve_coefs(p0, p1, p2, p3, curve_type):  
  33   │     if curve_type == "hermite":  
  34   │         result = [[2, -3, 0, 1],  
  35   │                   [-2, 3, 0, 0],  
  36   │                   [1, -2, 1, 0],  
  37   │                   [1, -1, 0, 0]]  
  38   │     elif curve_type == "bezier":  
  39   │         result = [[-1, 3, -3, 1],  
  40   │                   [3, -6, 3, 0],  
  41   │                   [-3, 3, 0, 0],  
  42   │                   [1, 0, 0, 0]]  
  43   │     else:  
  44   │         print("Invalid curve type")  
  45   │         return None  
  46   │       
```
"
by Jaime

#### Question 1
What did ChatGPT get right?

"ChatGPT was able to save both ASCII and binary versions of a PPM file. It was also able to generate a .ppm image, though it was just a red
screen. It was also able to create both matrix and screen datatypes. It also gave extra methods like `draw_rectange()` and `draw_circle()`, the latter
it was not able to finish due to hanging up." By Jaime

#### Question 2
What did ChatGPT get wrong?

YOUR ANSWER HERE

#### Question 3:
How much of the code generated by ChatGPT do you understand?

YOUR ANSWER HERE

#### Question 4:
How does ChatGPT's approach differe from yours?

YOUR ANSWER HERE


## Task 2: Refinement
if possible, run the code made by ChatGPT. Based on your answers the questions above, and your observations about how the program runs, ask ChatGPT to improve the code. ChatGPT will generally understand that you are asking to make changes to your inital prompt, so you don't need to restate the enire problem, instead, ask for specific changes or improvements.

Provide each prompt you gave ChatGPT bellow. Give each prompt a header like this :`#### Prompt X` where X is a counter starting at 1.

## Task 3: The Final Program
Include the final program created by ChatGPT in this repository in a folder called __1-program__.



